[Master] Updated recovery API docs (#3941)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-lifecycles/extend-username-and-password-recovery.md

        "links": [
            {
                "rel": "next",
                "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v2/recovery/password/confirm",
                "type": "POST"
            },
            {
                "rel": "resend",
                "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v2/recovery/password/resend",
                "type": "POST"
            }
        ]
        }
        ```

4. Verify the  confirmation code/OTP received.

    !!! note "OTP parameter"

>         - It is required to add the OTP parameter to the request if you are using OTP based recovery. Use the `flowConfirmationCode` received in the previous response as the `confirmationCode` in this request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - It is required to add the OTP parameter to the request if you are using OTP based recovery. Use the `flowConfirmationCode` received in the previous response as the `confirmationCode` in this request.
```

            "links": [
                {
                    "rel": "next",
                    "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v2/recovery/password/reset",
                    "type": "POST"
                }
            ]
        }
        ```

5. Use the `resetCode` and the new password to update the existing password and recover the account.

> 5. Use the `resetCode`, `flowConfirmationCode` and the new password to update the existing password and recover the account.

Reviewer: This should be the line replacing line 493.

>     !!! abstract ""

Reviewer: Add new line

    !!! note
            The validity period of the recovery code is determined by the [2nd step of configuring password recovery](#password-recovery-flow)

2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get notifications via that channel.

>     !!! abstract ""

Reviewer: Add new line

            The validity period of the recovery code is determined by the [2nd step of configuring password recovery](#password-recovery-flow)

2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get the recovered username.

> 2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get notifications via that channel.

Reviewer: This should be the line replacing line 736

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get notifications via that channel.
```

    !!! abstract ""
        **Request Format**
        ```curl
        curl -X POST "https://localhost:9443/api/users/v2/recovery/password/recover" 
        -H "Authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" 
        -H "accept: application/json" 
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" 
        -d "
        {
            "recoveryCode":"1234-5678-2455-3433",
            "channelId":"1",
            "properties":[
                {
                    "key":"key",
                    "value":"value"
                }
            ]
        }"
        ```
        ---
        **Sample Request**
        ```curl
        {

>         "code": "PWR-02002",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "code": "PWR-02001",
```

        "links": [
            {
                "rel": "next",
                "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v2/recovery/password/confirm",
                "type": "POST"
            },
            {
                "rel": "resend",
                "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v2/recovery/password/resend",
                "type": "POST"
            }
        ]
        }
        ```

> 4. Use the `flowConfirmationCode` recieved in the previous response as the `confirmationCode` in this request to verify the password reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Use the `confirmationCode` to verify the password reset.
```

>     !!! note "OTP parameter"

Reviewer: This note is not required for EXTERNAL.

        - It is required to add the OTP parameter to the request if you are using OTP based recovery.
        - Remove the `otp` parameter if you are using Email based recovery.

    !!! abstract ""
        **Request Format**
        ```curl
        curl -X POST "https://localhost:9443/api/users/v2/recovery/password/confirm" 
        -H "Authorization: Basic YWRtaW46YWRtaW4=" 
        -H "accept: application/json" 
        -H "Content-Type: application/json" 
        -d "
        {
            "confirmationCode":"1234-2ws34-12345",

>             "otp":"gt4k1d" # This parameter is required only if you are using OTP based recovery. Remove this if you are using Email based recovery.

Reviewer: Not required.

            ```
            ---
            **Sample Request**
            ```curl
            [{
            "mode": "recoverWithNotifications",
            "channelInfo": {
                "recoveryCode": "9ed0ed58-593a-48d8-90b3-ae745a6d7aae",
                "channels": [
                    {
                        "id": "1",
                        "type": "EXTERNAL",
                        "value": ""
                    }
                ]
            },
            "links": [
                {
                    "rel": "next",
                    "href": "/t/carbon.super/api/users/v1/recovery/username/recover",
                    "type": "POST"
                }
            ]
            }]
            ```

        !!! note
                The validity period of the recovery code is determined by the [2nd step of configuring password recovery](#password-recovery-flow)

>     2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get the recovered username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Use the `recoveryCode` and a channel `id` to get notifications via that channel.
```
